can't disregard
truly historical event
stadium in Petrovsky park assign
The name of the lion Ivanovich Yashin story
traditions go words without which
unthinkable dynamo culture among
all of whom we remember and honor is one
special person and now it is him
name all commentators of the planet will be
make reportations with the best
arena of the continent
good afternoon dear viewers we
welcome you to the central stadium
Dynamo named after the lion Ivanovich Yashin
Dynamo takes Manchester United
Immediately on the compositions today team lion
Yashina is not with us for 25 years but his name
his goalkeeper feats and his dedication
the club can not forget it is a symbol
football and obviously how lucky we are
he played it in the dynamo
surely it did a lot and
here a big thanks to the fact that here they are
took for it
construction site but like miya-san she doesn't care
should be in my opinion on the fact that
made this decision with the fact that Valentine
Mafia she agreed to this this I
I think is very correct, I think everything
fans will support this central
stadium dynamo named after lion ivanovich
Yashin exactly be called Arena
being built by VTB bank in Petrovsky
the park
we were dreaming and thinking about whether
call the stadium dynamo name
the legendary goalie tell you sweet cherry
it seems that today will save it
remembers and even this will happen today
and this is the most significant moment
Valentine Timofeevna Yashina puts her
signature and behind the backs of the crowd
veteran fans and journalists
a memorial tablet appears from this
now our stadium bears the name of the great
Dynamo portal also
builders assured all those present that
fit into the deadlines so that
very soon all Dynamo fans
come back home
VTB Bank
the first in Russia created an international
financial group
consisting of more than 30 companies
working in all areas of financial
of life
attentive and professional
relationship to each client
competent and effective management and
finances are key to success
groups by add
how much